1. concrete goals for your project, and methods of testing and verification you will apply to determine whether those goals were met
2. a discussion of your project's effect on its user population, and the user support issues it might raise
3. a discussion of security issues relevant to your project
4. a discussion of the work needed to complete the project and what might be needed to maintain it for continued future use, and ways that installation and maintenance tasks can be automated
5. documentation of the project, both for the system administration work involved and for your user community


This project is based on a Apache2 server, a webpage interface writing by php provide functions to store and query data from mysql database. Assign privileges according different user groups and ip addresses.

Goals: Through php, mysql, Apache2 to demonstrate different level of privileges assigned to different users. Distinguish user groups with permission for accessing various table in database, gain access for modifying data, availability to access information from different ip addresses.

Methods of testing: 
Create account through Apache2 server. 
Setup privileges for accounts (only two accounts for our groups members have administrator access, all others are in user permission).
Use different groups' account to try to login database, to see if the expected configure are correctly assigned. Use different computer to access website after switching between Apache2 to setup localhost only mode and public mode.


user group:
Initially, we decide to setup two different user groups, administrator(only two group members) and all other ordinary users other than administrators. 

security issue:
While the project would enable users to login in different computers, there could have a potential problem of security. Since the database could be accessed by any users other than the administrator. Apache2 provide ability for security reason that the server could be setup to prevent from listening for incoming connection attempts by doing "$ gksudo "gedit /etc/apache2/ports.conf" " to change "Listen 127.0.0.1:80" so after restart Apache, the server will only serve the home domain, the localhost.


Work needed, future maintain, auto maintenance :
This project is based on Ubuntu operating system, using Apache2, php5 and MYSQL4.1 or 5.1. All above features need to be setup initially. Make connections with them. Apache2 need to setup configurations. Php coding for webpage. For mysql, new databases need to be created, load in sample data. Then the database user groups should be setup to manage users's privilege for accessing data with corresponding mysql database. The database manage settings include setting up other ip address other than the local host to access database.
For future maintenance, assume the amount of users increased dramatically, we can create additional user groups to divide access ability elaborately.


Documentation, system administration and user community:
Apache2 could be used to manage different ip accessing, mysql could be used to assign permission for read-only/read-write data in database based on different group of users.



